// Workshop 7 - Derived Classes
// Name: Nicholas Defranco
// Student #: 106732183
// Course: OOP244 Winter 2019
// File: reflect.txt

	In this Workshop, I learned one of the various relationships that 
classes can have. This relationship is known as inheritance. This 
relationship involves a class taking the structure of another class; that is, 
a class that has inherited the majority of the details of another class. 
The class that inherited details from another class is known as the derived 
class, and the class that has been inherited from is known as the base class 
in the c++ language.  This concept comes from the idea that objects or nouns 
in the in the real world which can be all categorized into a group of a 
more generic thing. An example of this could be programs at Seneca college. 
Computer programming as well as Computer Networking are both a type of an 
ICT program but an ICT program is not necessarily always a Computer 
Programming program. The ICT program is analogous to the base class and the 
computer programming and networking programs are analogous to derived classes
. Derived classes refer to a more specific object of the more generic base 
class as shown in the example. The example also demonstrates that the 
derived class is known as a type of the base class. This relationship 
creates a hierarchy of classes, where the classes refer to a more specific 
thing as you go down the hierarchy. 

	Since the derived class is a type of the base class, the derived 
class inherits details from the base class. These details include, data 
members and all non-special member functions. The derived class depends on 
the existence of the base class. In the workshop, the SuperHero class 
requires to know the structure of the Hero class in order to inherit from it
. When a derived class inherits a base class, the base class does not change 
in any way. This allows for any amount of classes to inherit from the base 
class. Thus in the workshop, the Hero class does not need to know the 
existence of the Super Hero class. 

	Furthermore, Although the derived class inherits the structure of 
the base class, the derived class should not change the state of data 
members declared in the base class. Instead, we change the state of these 
data members through communication links similar to the way client code has 
to. However, I learned that it is possible to create queries only available 
to the hierarchy and not the client. This is possible with the protected 
access modifier. A query or modifier member function with protected access 
allows derived classes to see the member function (as long as it is not 
shadowed).

	Lastly, I learned the idea of shadowing. If a member function has 
been declared with the same identifier as a member function that has already 
been defined in the base class, the base class’s version is then 
inaccessible unless the scope resolution operator is used. When member 
functions are called on objects, the most derived version is always called 
unless explicitly overridden. Free helper functions can be used to assist 
each class in the hierarchy thus, they must be overloaded. Similar to member 
functions, the compiler binds a call to the helper function that accepts the 
most derived version of the object passed as an argument. Sometimes, the 
most derived version available is the base class version. The parameters in the
base class version are known as polymorphic objects as they can hold 
the address of or reference to any derived version of the class. Since 
instance of the derived class are “a type of” the base class, the call is 
valid. This is exactly the situation in the workshop, when a Hero and a 
superHero was passed in a function call. The most derived version of the 
function available is the Hero class’s version. The SuperHero object is 
morphed into a Hero object and the function executes normally as if the 
SuperHero object was a Hero as the SuperHero portion of the object is not 
visible in the Hero class’s version. Thus, it printed out "Ancient Battle".

Quiz 7 reflection

A concrete class is a class that can be instantiated. A concrete class 
contains no pure virtual member functions. This means all member functions 
declared in the class definition must be defined. Since concrete classes 
provide implementation for that specific dynamic type, it does not require 
any other classes to derive from it, unlike abstract classes, which require 
other classes to inherit from it to provide implementation.


