// Workshop 4 - Constructors
// Name: Nicholas Defranco
// Student #: 106732183
// Course: OOP244 Winter 2019
// File: reflect.txt

	In this workshop, I have the learned why constructors are very useful 
in object-oriented applications. This is because they are automatically invoked
when the class is instantiated. This property of the constructor is used to 
initialize the data members of the object and used to execute any initial 
logic. By initializing all the private data members of an object, we can 
confirm the object is in a well-defined state before any member function is 
called on avoiding the possibility to ‘break’ member functions logic or the 
object itself. Initializing the data members could include setting them to 
values suggested by the client code (that is, values passed as arguments to 
the constructor). The logic within a constructor validates incoming data 
from the client code and ensures the client passed valid data. If the data 
is not valid, the data is ignored, and the object is placed in a safe empty 
state. Initializing the data members in a constructor could also mean 
directly setting each data members to a default value putting the current 
object in a safe empty state. This is what the default constructor is set 
up to do. (1)Putting an object in a safe empty state is the practice of 
setting all data members to a default value except one data member which 
stores a specific value chosen by the programmer which determines that 
nothing meaningful is stored in the object. The class’ query member functions 
are set up to ensure that the special data member within the object that 
invoked the function is not currently equal to the special value before 
executing any logic (as in, the query functions ensure the object is not 
‘empty’ before reporting).

	2)The constructor can be overloaded to give the client more options at 
creation-time (constructors with different parameter lists). This allows the 
client code to pass any amount of values to be written to the data members of 
a given object, assuming the data is valid. If some parameters were not 
initialized, they would be set to a default value. A possible issue can 
arise which is repeating validation logic as each overloaded constructor 
accepts data from the client. A solution to this problem is to localize 
constructor logic, which includes empty state logic and validation logic. 
To solve the validation problem, all validation logic is placed
in the constructor that accepts arguments equal to the amount of data 
members (most likely the constructor with the most parameters). The other 
constructors that would have had validation logic are set up to create a 
temporary object that invokes the constructor with the validation logic 
passing default values for the data expected by the constructor that has not 
been satisfied by the client. Once the temporary object has been constructed, 
all the data members are copied to the current object (shallow copied and 
deep copied if necessary). If the data passed to the constructor fails the 
validation test, instead of setting all the default values to the data members
manually again, we can set the logic up such that the validation constructor 
similarly creates a temporary object that invokes the default constructor and 
once again, constructs a temporary object, then follows the same result as 
the validation logic solution mentioned before (shallow and deep copying to 
current object). This solution is the main solution of how I reduced
code redundancy within the project.  

	3) The canTravelWith() member function can access private data of the 
object referenced in its parameter. This is because the member function is 
within the classes’ scope (class scope encompasses member function scope). 
Since this is the case, the private data members for every instance are 
visible. This indicates that if an object of the same type is passed to a 
member function when invoked, its implicit parameters are also being passed 
to the member function. Thus, the function can access the private data of the 
object that was passed as a reference in the parameter list. 

Quiz Reflection 
I got 8 out of 8. 
