// Workshop 8 - Virtual Funtions
// Name: Nicholas Defranco
// Student #: 106732183
// Course: OOP244 Winter 2019
// File: reflect.txt
	
	In this workshop, I learned how to create a hierarchy of classes 
with an interface at the top of the hierarchy. An interface is a special 
type of abstract class. This is because interfaces only contain pure virtual 
functions, which are functions that only have a declaration and no definition
. Derived classes of the interface provide the implementation or the 
definition of the function. Interfaces provide just enough information about 
the hierarchy for use by the client code. 
	
	If a class derives from an interface or abstract class, it may or 
may not provide implementation for all declared member functions. If it does 
not, the class is considered to be abstract according to the compiler as it 
requires another class to provide implementation that this class did not. 
This is what happened in the workshop when the Account class was declared, 
even though it declared common logic for all types of Accounts it did not 
define all functions declared in iAccount. If a derived class does provide 
implementation for all declared functions, then it is considered to be a 
concrete class as it provides all required logic allowing it to be 
instantiated. 

	Furthermore, since all functions declared in an interface are virtual
, binding to a member function is done at run-time. This is instructs the 
compiler and linker to not bind at compile/link time but wait until run-time 
to bind to a member function. This allows the client to create a pointer of 
the most base class within the hierarchy. This pointer to an object is known 
as a polymorphic object. The type of the pointer is known as the static type 
as it is known at compile time. The client can dynamically allocate memory 
to instantiate any concrete class of their choice within the hierarchy hence 
the term polymorphic. The type of the dynamically allocated object is known 
as the dynamic type as it is only known at run time. Since the binding 
process happens at run-time,  the compiler binds to dynamic type’s member 
function. The client does not need to know that this is occurring as the 
compiler handles the process automatically. This process is called dynamic 
dispatch. Thus, the client only really needs to know about the interface. 

	The interface requires a virtual destructor as the client is 
dynamically instantiating objects. As mentioned before, virtual allows for 
dynamic dispatch which is important when deallocating objects as the 
compiler should be directed to the most derived version of the destructor 
based on the dynamic type. This way, when the client deallocates the object, 
the compiler deallocates the most derived version possible first and then is 
able to deallocate the rest of the object moving up in the hierarchy. If the 
virtual keyword is missing, the compiler will not be aware of the dynamic 
type and will bind to the destructor based on the static type. When the 
dynamic object is deallocated, it will miss memory that should have been 
deallocated as it belonged to the dynamic portion of the object. Thus, it is 
very important to create destructors that will perform dynamic dispatch when 
a object is about to be destroyed.

	Lastly, I learned the difference between overloading, overriding and 
shadowing. Overloading is the idea of being able to create multiple 
functions with the same identifier allowing for more communication options 
to the client as well as making it easier to remember for the client as 
multiple functions with similar logic or same logic have the same name. 
Overriding is the idea of a derived class providing implementation for a 
member function that has already been declared or defined in the base class. 
The new definition could use the definition in the base class and add on to 
it, or provide completely different implementation. Lastly, shadowing is the 
idea that when a member function has been overridden, the base class version 
of the function is inaccessible unless it is explicitly called using the 
scope resolution operator. Shadowing occurs based on the identifier, if 
identifiers match, the base class version is inaccessible.

Quiz Reflection

I got 12 out of 12 
